[Emmett]
Previously on The Chi...
I told you.
I don't know where he is.
I don't believe you.
First order of business.
I'm cutting this bitch off.
We not moving product
for her no more.
Has anybody seen my watch?
Man. Kiesha gonna kill me.
[Darnell] Uh. d-don't worry.
I'ma... I'ma find Magic Trick
and... and get your watch back.
I think I want to give Shaad
the house.
-Oh. my gosh.
-[chuckles]
Well. if y'all want.
y'all can get married here.
We can't be spending
a bunch of money on a wedding.
I don't mind paying for it.
I owe you.
♪ Solemn music ♪
-[Emmett] Hey. son.
-Hey. Dad.
[Emmett] What's wrong with him?
I don't know...
ever since we moved.
he just started acting out.
So you want him to stay
with me full-time?
He needs you right now.
[scoffs]
Then what's going on with you?
I miss my brothers.
Well. if you're not willing
to change. you can't be mad
when people leave you.
But we blood.
-That's all that matters.
-Blood is not enough.
I love y'all.
We love you. too. Mama.
No matter how
y'all feel about me.
just promise you'll always
take care of each other.
no matter what happens.
[Jake] What happened?
She overdosed.
[Victor] It's nobody's fault.
♪♪♪
You knew Nuck killed Rob
this whole time?
Yeah.
Now you work for me.
[Emmett] Why did Bakari tell
Kiesha he killed Nuck?
Maybe he did.
Y'all framing him
for a murder he didn't do?
It wasn't my idea.
I got to tell Kiesha the truth.
You can't.
I got myself in some shit
I can't get out of.
This is why you should move
to Atlanta with me.
[distant siren wailing]
[Bakari]
I don't know where he at.
Did something happen to him?
Go ask his girl.
I'm not talking to you
without a lawyer.
Then I suggest you find one.
[breathing shakily]
♪ Mellow hip-hop music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ This is South Side ♪
♪ Of Chicago ♪
♪♪♪
Ooh-hoo. you looking
casket-sharp.
I'm not tryin' to think about
dying before I get married.
I mean. you'll have to say
till death do y'all part.
Damn. that's a long time.
[Darnell] Yeah. Yeah.
Oh. hey.
Speaking of time. I think
I tracked down that magician
that stole your watch.
You sure you not
being scammed again?
No. no. no. a friend of mine
hired her. too.
got caught slipping.
She made his TV and new
record player disappear.
I told Kiesha what happened.
I told you not to tell her
till I found it.
I don't know what's happening.
I can't not tell her the truth.
[Darnell] Damn. [scoffs]
You really have changed.
♪♪♪
Hey. what's on your mind. son?
There's something
I need to tell Kiesha.
What?
I can't say.
Boy...
I'm your father.
You can tell me anything.
Not this.
[Darnell grunts] Well. just
tell her and get it over with.
It's not really
my secret to tell.
All right. well.
if it's not your problem.
then you ain't got nothing
to worry about.
Her problems are my problems.
[scoffs]
Yeah. you sound like
a husband already.
♪♪♪
[scoffs] Just get my watch back.
Yeah. I got you.
I'm on it.
♪♪♪
[sighs]
You ready. [chuckles]
[Emmett sighs]
♪ Mind's playing tricks on me ♪
♪ Wait. wait. wait.
don't trip on me ♪
[Kiesha] You okay?
I'm good.
♪♪♪
I wouldn't be if I were you.
I guess I am feeling
a little crazy right now.
I get that.
[Tiff] How you doing?
[sighs] I'm grieving.
So am I.
[Kiesha] It's hard.
Yeah. it is.
Why can't things just be
all good for once?
♪♪♪
That's not how life works.
♪ Too anxious
to cross the line ♪
♪ Don't want to relive
that time ♪
♪ I swear
I've been here before ♪
[elevator bell dings]
♪♪♪
[Judge Bradley] I'm all ears.
[Toussaint]
Somebody killed my informant.
[Judge Bradley] Who?
This is the mother
of Rob's child.
I know.
[sighs]
Alicia had a special place
in her heart
for this young lady.
I think they have
a lot in common.
Is that a good thing
or a bad thing?
You tell me.
Alicia was a complex woman.
I have reason to believe
she killed my informant
because he killed
the father of her child.
Did he?
I don't have proof of that yet.
but if I can get in that house.
maybe I can find out.
Well...
it sounds like
you have more work to do
before asking me for permission
to search the home
of my deceased friend.
If I can get in there.
I can find something.
[Judge Bradley sighs]
♪ Brazen Barbie's "Pack it Up" ♪
You better.
♪♪♪
♪ I'm not counting no hos.
I'm counting accolades ♪
♪ Note the Earth change
when I walk in ♪
♪ To down the barricade ♪
♪ Red line.
ne-never had to bake ♪
♪ I'm playing patty-cake ♪
♪ Pretty bitches love me ♪
♪ So only hatin' hos
I aggravate ♪
♪ Stuck under they skin
like they tatted up ♪
♪ Only stroke I get
is to my ego ♪
♪ Nigga. wrap it up ♪
♪ Hate when they be claimin'
they be solid ♪
♪ I be crackin' up ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah
♪ Pack. pack it up
♪ Love when they
underestimate me ♪
♪ Then get shit on ♪
♪ The look of disappointment
in they face ♪
♪ 'Cause the kit on ♪
♪ Love the sound
of my own voice ♪
♪ Man. be quiet.
that's my shit on ♪
♪ I'm a pit bull mixed
with Rottweiler ♪
♪ I'm not the one to pick on.
I'm not the one to pick on ♪
♪ I'm on they ass.
but they don't want that ♪
♪ Wipe these bitches down
'cause I just ♪
♪ Shitted on 'em. front back ♪
♪ Run through 184. I'm
collecting up beyond that ♪
♪ Come through like
your landlord ♪
♪ You ain't gettin'
your bond back ♪
♪ Pop your bubble
in the worst way ♪
♪ You can't fuck with me ♪
♪ From Thursday through
to Thursday. huh ♪
♪ And don't let it be
my birthday ♪
♪ 'Cause I sell powder.
make you look ♪
♪ Like it's your first day ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah.
pack it up. pack it up ♪
♪ Talkin' like you got to come
and back it up ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah.
pack it up. pack it up ♪
♪ Every time I drop.
got this city actin' up ♪
♪ You ain't gettin'
your bond back ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah.
pack it up. pack it up ♪
♪ Talkin' like you got to come
and back it up ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah.
pack it up. pack it up ♪
♪ Every time I drop.
got this city actin' up ♪
[both sigh]
♪ Dramatic jazz music ♪
♪♪♪
So what's in Atlanta?
A new beginning.
[scoffs]
Ain't nothing like The Chi.
I know.
You sure you ain't running
from nobody?
Maybe I am.
Hmm.
Well. a change of scenery
won't change you.
♪ R&B music ♪
♪♪♪
[sighs]
♪ Life was really good
♪ Making moves. said I would
get you out the hood ♪
♪ But you made
that house a home... ♪
The number my boy gave me
keeps going straight
to voicemail.
[Riley laughs]
A real scammer knows to change
their number every few weeks.
Mm.
What's her name?
♪ I'm glad you was here ♪
Magic Trick.
I'm gonna look
through her followers
and see if we got some mutuals.
-Hey. that's smart.
-Mm-hmm.
We'll find her.
[chuckles] Teamwork makes
the dream work.
-[both laugh]
-Hey. Hey.
♪ I give more and more
♪♪♪
[laughs]
Are you ready to come home?
No.
What you mean no?
[Kiesha]
We don't mind if he stays.
Yeah. I mean.
we like having him here.
No. he's still my son.
Then why did you leave him here?
-Because he needed you.
-He's been doing great with us.
He took a gun to school
while he was with y'all.
That wasn't their fault.
Since when did you start
taking accountability
for your actions?
Riley told me
that's what real men do.
[Shay] Who the fuck is Riley?
That's my dad's new girlfriend.
I told you about her.
[sighs]
Your dad keep him a new woman.
-[Emmett] Just let him stay.
-[Shay] He is coming with me.
And that's final.
[chuckles]
And congrats on the wedding.
Is that what this is about?
Girl. please.
You can have
his cheating ass. okay?
-I've moved on.
-Then why can't I stay?
Are y'all brainwashing my boy?
No.
He just likes it here.
I'm not giving you my child.
♪ Hip-hop music ♪
♪♪♪
[air whistling]
What you doing?
Going through her stuff.
[Victor] Why?
Tryin' to see if I want
to keep something.
You should look through
some of it. too.
[Victor] I'm good.
-You still mad at her?
-I'm not mad.
It seems like it.
We can grieve how we want to.
Yeah. I'm keeping this one.
[laughing]
I remember that day.
-Me too.
-[Reg chuckles]
I wish she was
in the picture with us.
I like knowing she took it.
She was always taking pictures.
Now I see why.
I wish she was still here.
[sighs] Me too.
You ain't sad she gone?
[Victor] I'm sad.
I'm sad she spent most
of her life in pain.
You think she at peace now?
Hope so.
Me too.
Hey. don't forget
what she said either.
She said a lot of shit.
[laughter]
She said to always protect
each other...
no matter what.
♪ Solemn music ♪
I remember.
Me too.
♪♪♪
-[laughing]
-[Victor] Oh. no.
Marshall Field's?
-[Victor] Marshall Field's.
-Marshall Field's?
No. don't do it. don't do it.
Like a nightmare
that never ends.
[Reg] Oh. my God.
[laughs]
Before your time. shorty.
-I don't know what that is.
-[Reg laughs]
♪ There's a vibe in the air
I can't explain to you ♪
♪ Yeah. you're too late ♪
♪ If you was here.
then you would feel it ♪
How'd you find me?
My lady has
great detective skills.
♪ Still won't nothing change
what we came to do ♪
♪ Stack this money
to the ceiling ♪
Ah. yeah. Thank you.
Times is hard. you know?
Yeah. I understand.
But since I did bring it back.
you still gonna give me
a five-star rating?
Look. as long as you promise
to stop stealing people's shit.
[chuckles]
You ain't my daddy.
Hmm. I could be. Hmm.
[sighs]
-Tell your son I said sorry.
-[Darnell] Mm.
Oh. hey.
I still don't know
how you got that random card
my son pulled from the deck
tattooed to your ass.
It's a deck
full of the same card.
-Oh.
-Shh.
[sighs]
Oh. that was good.
The same... Damn.
Make sure she ain't take
my shit.
Mm. that girl is good.
[clears throat] Ah.
[sighs]
♪ Hip-hop music ♪
♪ Yo. boy. tell you what ♪
♪ 'Cause real men make money.
not excuses ♪
♪ Can't be gangsta... ♪
♪♪♪
[Smitty] We need a new plug.
I told you not to drop Tiff.
We had to.
I can't trust her.
I heard it's
a light-skinned bitch out here
stealing pills from her job.
You got her contact?
I know her nigga.
Get the info.
♪ I just left the freak. and
the bitch already miss me ♪
♪ Free fly. keep all the ops.
'cause jail's shitty ♪
♪ And death won't do nothing ♪
♪ But put them
out of they misery ♪
♪♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
You okay?
Yeah. I'm good.
Your mom just passed.
I don't need a reminder.
Well. you're acting
like nothing happened.
[Jake] I got a party to host.
Yeah. I think you should cancel.
We been promoting this
for weeks.
[Desiree]
People will understand.
I want to work.
But you need time to grieve.
Don't tell me what I need.
♪ Sultry R&B music
♪♪♪
You hear about the cops
searching Tiff house?
Yeah.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
[Lynae] Have you talked to her?
[sighs] Nah.
I thought you were working
for her.
♪♪♪
[sighs]
Not no more.
[Lynae] Did something happen?
Tiff killed Nuck
and tried to blame me for it.
Why you?
'Cause I knew about Rob
and didn't tell her.
[sighs]
I feel like this is
all my fault.
Don't blame yourself.
I should've just kept
the voice note to myself.
It was gonna get out there
at some point.
[sighs]
What if she does something
to you?
Hey.
Don't worry.
Nothing gonna happen to us.
♪♪♪
[sighs]
Why did Toussaint come
to my house?
I don't know.
Don't lie to me.
I'm not taking the fall for you.
That wasn't what you agreed to.
Well. either you can let me
leave. or you can kill me.
Tiff. please chill out.
I'm not taking the fall
for this.
Neither am I.
[Victor]
Hey. all right. look. go home.
Bakari. go home. Go home. bro.
[door opens. closes]
You don't make
the decisions around here.
I do now.
♪♪♪
[gun clatters]
♪ When you're around. I just
don't know what to do ♪
[laughter]
Look. I don't care if my guy
has sex with another woman.
Just don't fall in love
with the bitch.
[Angie] Mm.
My girl can fall in love
all she want.
Just don't fuck nobody else.
Why do guys get so weird
when they woman
want to fuck another guy?
Bae. 'cause that's our job.
-I ain't your nine-to-five.
-[sighs] Look. we possessive.
-Ah. and that's y'all problem.
-[Zuri] Mm-hmm.
[Keith] Look. I just want
to make sure
I'm the only one she coming for.
[Jordan]
I come for myself all the time.
-[Angie] Mm.
-But that's different.
I just don't believe
in owning somebody.
That's 'cause you mistakin'
ownership with loyalty.
-Niggas ain't loyal.
-Neither are y'all.
We more loyal than men.
That's because we're conditioned
to spreading our seed.
And y'all expect us
to raise those seeds?
I swear.
all you independent women
are gonna be the death
of the Black family.
Oh. please.
I think everyone should be poly.
Ah. surprise. surprise.
-Monogamy clearly doesn't work.
-Spoken like a true sex addict.
Uh-uh. Don't come for my sister.
She came for me.
Look. I just think
a healthy marriage
is a open one.
Well. Jordan is all I need.
-I know that's right.
-[chuckles]
Well. I'd rather be open than
deal with a cheatin'-ass nigga.
[Zuri] Mm.
You cheatin' on your husband
right now.
-And who told you that?
-I keep my ears to the street.
I swear niggas gossip
more than us.
It's not gossiping
when we do it.
[Angie]
Then what do you call it?
Talking.
[laughter]
[Jordan] You are so irritating.
You are so irritating.
♪ R&B music ♪
[Emmett groaning softly]
♪♪♪
♪ When I'm in overload ♪
♪ You help me down ♪
♪♪♪
♪ When I was feeling low ♪
♪ You held me down ♪
♪ I never had before
that solid ground ♪
[muttering]
♪ Know when you need me. I'll
always clear up my calendar ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Monday I'm fine
♪ Tuesday is fine ♪
♪ Never mind it ♪
♪ Wednesday I need...
Ma?
Hey. son.
What are you doing here?
I'm always with you. [chuckles]
♪ And you don't ask for much.
so I'm pleadin' ♪
♪ That you let me do
for you on the weekend ♪
You are?
[Jada] Yeah.
Just because you can't see me
doesn't mean I'm not here.
♪♪♪
I miss you.
I miss you. too.
[sighs] I need your advice.
About what?
Kiesha.
What about her?
I need to tell her something.
[Jada] Then tell her.
I'm scared.
♪♪♪
When you're scared.
that just means you care.
♪♪♪
[Emmett muttering]
Wait. wait. Hey.
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah.
I have to tell you something.
Okay.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
Tiff killed Nuck.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What? What?
She found out
that Nuck killed Rob...
and she took him out.
♪♪♪
How long have you known?
About a week.
How could you keep
something like that from me?
Victor... Victor asked me to.
-You put him before me?
-I'm sorry.
I don't believe this.
[breathes shakily]
[sighs]
She doesn't know I know either.
I can't believe Tiff
is smiling in my face.
knowing what she did.
♪♪♪
That's... that's probably
how she felt about Nuck.
♪♪♪
-You taking her side.
-I'm not taking nobody's side.
This is all fucked up.
♪♪♪
I got to talk to her.
What you gonna say?
I don't know.
[distant siren wailing]
I need more.
I told you all I know.
I had to beg for a warrant
and still came up empty.
That ain't my fault.
-Are you protecting them?
-No.
[sighs]
♪ Dark music ♪
♪♪♪
I got a voice note
that proves Nuck killed Rob.
Where'd you get it?
[Bakari] I can't tell you that.
Send it to me.
Okay.
[Toussaint]
Once I find a body...
I'll make sure
you and your girl are safe.
♪ James Blake's
"Death of Love" ♪
♪♪♪
[distant siren wailing]
♪ I don't know how we got here ♪
♪ I think we might be sleeping ♪
♪ I think we might be walking
to the death of love ♪
♪ To the ♪
♪ It never seemed so hard ♪
♪ To say what you really mean ♪
♪ When everything
you have seen is from above ♪
♪ From above ♪
♪ It's the death of love ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Don't leave me behind ♪
[voice breaking]
I can't believe you killed
the father of my child.
He killed mine first.
I don't believe this.
[voice breaking]
I did what I had to do.
Is that why you agreed
to pay for my wedding?
'Cause you felt guilty?
I agreed to pay for it
because one of us deserves
the wedding of our dreams.
I don't want you
to pay for my wedding.
I don't even want you
at the wedding.
To be honest...
I don't want you in my life.
♪♪♪
[door opens. closes]
♪ To the death of love
♪ hip-hop music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ What does it take to prove
that I am him? ♪
♪ For real. though ♪
♪ The best. the truth.
the crème de la crme ♪
♪ For real. though ♪
You good?
No.
Me either.
♪ For real. though
I'ma stop smoking.
For real?
Yeah.
Good for you.
I just can't keep using
that shit as a crutch.
I feel you.
But...
work can be a crutch. too.
I can't stop working.
No...
but you can sit
with your feelings.
♪♪♪
No. I don't want to.
♪ Y'all got the mud
in the trenches ♪
♪ Better get speed.
that's snitchin' ♪
♪ I'm driven. focused.
relentless ♪
♪ Don't make me get ugly
and ignant ♪
♪ What does it take to prove
that I am him? ♪
♪ For real. though ♪
♪ The best. the truth.
the crème de la crme ♪
♪ For real. though ♪
♪ With his greatness.
Wright will slow your eye ♪
♪ For real. though
♪ We really shouldn't promise
no surprise ♪
♪♪♪
[door bells jingle]
We closed.
Look open to me.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
What you want?
I heard your girl is a plug.
[Keith] Not no more.
You make decisions for her?
Nah.
[Smitty]
Then let me talk to her myself.
She done with that.
♪♪♪
If you say so.
I do.
♪♪♪
[door bells jingle]
[door closes. bells jingle]
♪♪♪
[lock clicks]
-What the fuck is going on?
-This doesn't concern you.
Damn right it does.
Why is she under arrest?
Hey. hey. man.
I got info
from a reliable source
that she killed my informant.
[Victor sighs]
Vic. take Rob
and call my lawyer.
Call my lawyer.
-[Officer] Hold still. ma'am.
-[handcuffs clicking]
Hands behind your back.
-I did it. I did it.
-What are you doing?
-[Victor] I did it.
♪ Leifur James' "Suns of Gold" ♪
Do you want me to arrest you
for Nuck's murder?
Yes.
♪♪♪
-I hope you're sure about this.
-I am.
♪ Suns of gold ♪
♪ Aha. mm-hmm ♪
♪ Feel suns of gold ♪
♪♪♪
[groans]
♪ Keep my money running.
I told you ♪
♪ Mm. mm-hmm ♪
♪ You lovers gonna
save me from hate ♪
[car doors closing.
engine turning over]
♪♪♪
♪ Whisper to me ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ upbeat music
Smitty got arrested.
-For what?
-I don't know.
I told you to stay away
from them street niggas.
They need to stay away from me.
[sighs] Just don't get involved.
I can't just let him
sit in jail.
Uh. yes. you can.
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
♪ When we walk down the street ♪
♪ People always saying ♪
♪ You got that thing ♪
You got to do something.
It's not my fault he confessed
to some shit he ain't do.
-He was trying to protect Tiff.
-[Reg] That's on him.
I'm not gonna let him
die in jail.
-We can't save him.
-[Jake] He didn't do it!
-[Reg] How you know?
-I just do.
-So what you want me to do?
-Go talk to him.
-He ain't gonna listen.
-Just try!
♪ Dramatic hip-hop music ♪
♪ Since the day I was born.
I was bad ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Ever since I could walk ♪
♪ I've been strong ♪
♪ I sold hard so I could eat ♪
♪ 'Cause of that ♪
♪ I knew most of my life ♪
♪ Would be alone ♪
♪ In this jungle ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Where only the fittest
can survive ♪
♪ In this jungle ♪
♪♪♪
♪ This is where
I learned to live my life ♪
♪ In this jungle ♪
You owe me.
♪♪♪
♪ This is where I learned
to live my life ♪
♪♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
[distant buzzer sounds]
I know you didn't do this.
[Victor] Get out of here.
-Stop trying to save everybody.
-I belong in here.
[Fatima] No. you don't.
She's got kids.
[Fatima] And you got me.
Do I?
♪ Soft music ♪
Yes.
♪♪♪
Fuck.
[Fatima] I wish
you would choose yourself.
just this once.
[indistinct chatter continues]
[phone receiver clatters]
♪ Solemn music
♪♪♪
[door closes]
[Shaad] Hey. yo.
Man. [clicks tongue]
-[Bakari] Sorry I'm late.
-Ah. it's all good.
Actually. it's perfect timing.
[Devante]
"One thing's for sure...
"I couldn't go back
to my foster home.
"They say it's the best place
for kids without parents.
"but I found the streets
to be more like home.
"My sister had
a better situation.
"At least she had freedom.
"Mine felt like prison.
And I couldn't have that."
Is this my shit?
"So I chose the streets."
Yeah. Yeah.
They saw me reading it. and...
they asked
if they could read it. too.
[Devante] "It's funny how
the cold concrete felt warmer"
"than the place that was
supposed to take care of me.
"I loved it.
but I also hated it.
"But I was surviving.
"I had no choice.
And no one was getting
in the way of that."
♪♪♪
He sound like my dad.
Mine too.
That's the thing about memoirs.
Even though it's
someone else's story.
you can always find pieces
of yourself in it.
♪♪♪
I've never read a book
like that before.
Me neither.
Would y'all want
to meet the author?
-Yeah.
-[Mondo] Yeah.
♪♪♪
Hey. Go.
You wrote this?
[Bakari] I did.
Was it hard?
[scoffs] Yeah. it was.
♪♪♪
How long did it take you?
[scoffs]
So long. I didn't think
I was gonna finish.
I'm glad you did.
Me too.
[chuckles]
Thanks. little bro.
I needed to hear that.
-Love. twin.
-[Bakari] Love. twin.
[people chuckling]
-[Bakari] Stay focused. man.
-[sighs happily]
So proud.
Thank you.
♪♪♪
Don't say I never did
nothing for you.
Where'd you get the money
to get me out?
My husband left me
an emergency fund.
[indistinct chatter.
siren wails]
I'm sure he ain't gonna be
too happy
knowing you used it
to bail me out of jail.
He don't need to know.
I'd be pissed if I was him.
Just stay out of trouble.
Women stay wanting
a nigga with money.
then get mad when he got to do
illegal shit to get it.
Find a legal way to get money.
♪ Jazz music ♪
♪♪♪
[Smitty exhales deeply]
When I do. I'll let you know.
♪♪♪
[phone receiver clatters]
[door closes. keys jingle]
[distant door slams]
[Reg] You ain't supposed
to be in here.
Just let me do this.
[indistinct chatter]
No. I'ma do it.
What?
[distant buzzer sounds]
I owe y'all this.
You don't owe us nothing.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
It might be time to let him go.
I know. girl.
I had to let my man go.
[Fatima] Mm-mm. What happened?
Girl. he said I was too much.
You are.
I know. but I need someone
that can handle all of me.
Okay. well.
you could just tone it down.
I would rather be by myself
than be something I'm not.
Even if that means being alone
for the rest of your life?
If that's what God has for me.
it is what it is.
But I don't think
God'd do me like that.
You do deserve
a fairy tale kind of love.
Love ain't a fairy tale.
It's hard work.
Who you telling?
We just got to find someone
worth doing the work for.
Now. where that little stud at?
You think they still
in the back?
[Fatima] Go find out.
Oh. don't... don't tempt me
with a good time.
Mm.
♪♪♪
I'm gonna leave you some money.
[sighs]
Why?
I got to go away for a while.
What's going on?
Something I got to do.
Why you got to leave me
to do it?
♪ Somber music
♪♪♪
[sniffles]
I just do.
♪♪♪
I hate this.
[sniffles. sighs]
[sniffles]
Me too.
[Candice sighs]
♪ R&B music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ I'd be pleased
to send you my location ♪
♪ Said I made you wait.
but ain't no wait this time ♪
♪ When you get here.
skip the conversation ♪
♪ If you didn't know.
didn't know ♪
♪ I got two glasses
sitting on the side ♪
♪ Cabernet or white wine.
your preference ♪
♪ And if you look me
in the eye ♪
♪ Then it's over. it's over
♪ Tonight I'll call off ♪
♪ If you want me ♪
♪ We can relax ♪
♪ Just got to let me know ♪
♪ Now. are really coming over? ♪
♪ Or are you speaking louder
than your accent? ♪
♪ Tonight I'll call off ♪
♪ If you want me to ♪
♪♪♪
♪ I'll call off
if you want me to ♪
♪♪♪
♪ I'll call off
if you want me to ♪
I don't like Pittsburgh.
I don't care.
He should have a say.
He's a child.
That don't mean
he shouldn't have a voice.
[Shay] Well. this ain't
no democracy.
I don't want
to leave my friends.
Grown folks talking.
[Devante]
But it affects my life.
-Did y'all put him up to this?
-No. they didn't.
He wants to stay.
We can bring him to Pittsburgh
every month to come see you.
Once a month ain't enough.
Maybe... [sighs]
Maybe you can move back here?
Now all y'all working my nerves.
[Emmett] Come on.
you know you miss The Chi.
He's doing so much better
with us.
I'm homeschooling him.
He has a support group
and friends.
He has the stability
every kid deserves.
[sighs]
Fine.
You can stay.
But I'm still your mama.
And you don't get
to run away from me.
I'm not. I promise.
[Shay] Mm-hmm.
And you better come
visit me. boy.
[Devante] I will.
♪ When you get back home.
you better call me ♪
♪ You know how I get
when you leave me lonely ♪
♪ I swear sometimes
you think I'm phony ♪
♪ When I say ♪
♪♪♪
♪ 'Cause I ain't tryin'
to catch a charge ♪
♪ Don't you tempt me.
'cause. Lord. I don't play ♪
[Riley] Hey. Shaad. can we talk
to you for a minute?
Everything cool?
Yeah. everything's amazing.
Oh.
-Am I getting a raise?
-Uh. not quite.
Oh. [chuckles]
I want to give you the house
I bought for me and Jada.
♪ Solemn music
♪♪♪
You serious?
I can't live in there anymore.
♪♪♪
Hey. man. you could get
a lot of money for selling it.
I don't want to sell it
to somebody I don't know.
I want somebody like you
to occupy it.
fill it with love.
♪♪♪
Man. I can't. I...
I just can't take your house
for free like that. man.
I'm serious.
Y-y-you got too many grandkids
to take care of.
[chuckles] Look. we can...
we can work out a payment plan
that makes sense
for both of us. all right?
♪♪♪
I can definitely do that
now. right?
[chuckles] Yeah.
You and Patience
getting serious. right?
Yeah.
I want y'all to build
a future in that house.
♪♪♪
I can't believe
you doing this. man.
♪♪♪
You deserve to be happy. bro.
That means a lot to me.
Now. look. uh. there's a couple
things I need to work on
before y'all get
in there. but...
Well. uh. we can work on it
together.
[laughs] That's even better.
Yeah.
Wow.
Whew.
Uh... oh.
Where y'all gonna live?
Well. Emmett realized
that having us around
means that the kids no longer
outnumber the adults.
[Riley] Mm-hmm.
And Kiesha wants
to raise the kids
in a three-generation household.
-Oh.
-We that third generation.
[Darnell and Riley chuckle]
♪♪♪
I really appreciate y'all.
[light laughter]
♪♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
[distant siren wailing]
♪ Dramatic music ♪
You gonna let my brother go.
He already confessed.
He lyin' to protect me.
♪♪♪
You killed Nuck?
Yeah.
How do I know you're not just
trying to get your brother
out of jail?
♪♪♪
I know where the body at.
[indistinct chatter]
♪ Polo G's "Angels in the Sky" ♪
♪♪♪
♪ It's dangerous in The Chi ♪
♪ Walkin' slow
up to that casket ♪
♪ Tears raining from his eyes ♪
♪ Homeys left forever. I ain't
get to wave and say goodbye ♪
♪ Hard body and we gangstas ♪
♪ But that pain
done made us cry ♪
♪ Used to wake up so fucked up ♪
♪ Like. I can't wait
until I die ♪
♪ To the point that I feel
like I ain't myself ♪
♪ If I ain't high ♪
♪ Now I'm foreign whippin' ♪
♪ Thinkin' about new chains
that I can buy ♪
♪ Devil breathin' down my neck ♪
♪ But I got angels in the sky ♪
♪ One life. you get one chance ♪
♪ Lot of shit
I'm goin' through ♪
♪ No. they don't understand ♪
♪ I was walkin' through the
trenches with my gun in hand ♪
♪ I know losses come
with the game ♪
♪ But that wasn't the plan ♪
♪ I know when to speak
after silence ♪
♪ Man down. they catchin' Bs.
you hear them sirens ♪
♪ My heart out. I'm tryin'
to bleed on the mic stand ♪
♪ Bro. it's either you or me
when the night ends ♪
♪ Lookin' through my memories ♪
♪ I never thought
that you would leave forever ♪
♪ Since 2014. been Gucci Gang ♪
♪ Gonna throw up Ts forever ♪
♪ Playin' basketball. me and
Ed had hoop dreams together ♪
♪ Jasmine block party. me and
3 was out there T'd together ♪
♪ Me and Duck was trappin'
early mornin' ♪
♪ Servin' fiends together ♪
♪ Spent my last on weed ♪
♪ Me and lil' Dee
sippin' lean together ♪
♪ Moo. he love pipes ♪
♪ Smilin' 'cause he got
a clean Beretta ♪
♪ Yeah. the gang scored
up in that field ♪
♪ We got some rings together
♪ Nina and my Wesson
like a duet ♪
♪ They gonna sing together ♪
♪ Like to slide at night ♪
♪ Put that .40
and that beam together ♪
♪ Homicide. you feel
your soul shakin' ♪
♪ When them demons catch you ♪
♪ Shit bag. put him
on that machine ♪
♪ Until he breathin' better
♪ One life.
you get once chance ♪
♪ Lot of shit
I'm goin' through ♪
♪ No. they don't understand ♪
♪ I was walkin' through the
trenches with my gun in hand ♪
♪ I know losses come
with the game ♪
♪ But that wasn't the plan ♪
♪♪♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm